= ruby-redtail

Description goes here.

== Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

    gem 'ruby-redtail'

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install ruby-redtail

== Basic Setup

Create a file in `config/initializers/ruby-redtail.rb` and add your API Key, User Name, Password And API URI:

    RubyRedtail.configure do |config|
      config.api_key = ENV['REDTAIL_API_KEY']
      config.secret_key = ENV['REDTAIL_SECRET_KEY']
      config.api_uri = ENV['REDTAIL_API_URI']
    end
    
== Basic Usage

=== Fetching UserKey

    RubyRedtail::User.authenticate_via_basic('frank', 'top_secret') do |user|
      @user_key = user.authentication['UserKey']
      # Now store that somewhere safe!
    end
    
=== Fetching Settings

    RubyRedtail::User.authenticate_via_user_key(@user_key) do |user|
      tag_groups = user.settings.taggroups
    end
    
=== Fetching Contacts

    RubyRedtail::User.authenticate_via_user_key(@user_key) do |user|
      contacts = user.contacts.search_by_name('Investor')
    end

== Contributing to ruby-redtail
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Kudos

To @sampritipanda for his help in the creation of this gem.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2014 Nathan Colgate. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

